Merryn we've got to start with Marin
Cilic US Open champion I mean that must
fill you with a lot of confidence coming
here this way yeah and it actually
sounds good and absolutely a lot of
confidence bigger success of my career
and very busy last few weeks unusual for
me and it's a new time new era and
hopefully I'm gonna just be able to
recreate that feeling recreate that
tennis I was playing and to still enjoy
enjoy tennis and until the end of the
season now I know he's not here with you
this week but having someone like Goran
in your corner how much did that help
having someone who'd been there and won
a Grand Slam in elevating you to that
next level
it actually means really a lot I mean
there are simple things but when I come
and they are coming from a person that
has been there and has has done that
many times has played in and of the
Grand Slams for several times it just
you have no doubt in your head you know
you're gonna be doing well and he's
gonna give you the right advice at the
right moment and that was the feeling
for me just before these big matches
towards the end of the tournament I
didn't have any questions in my head is
that correct is that correct am i
playing well is this gonna be fun it was
just great to have Goran and obviously
it's just everything was was working
amazing those couple weeks now if we
talk about the China Open here in
Beijing is there anything in particular
you enjoy about this event the food the
people what do you particularly like
coming to Beijing well I'm I have
actually special relationship with with
China due to one of my sponsors that is
that is here and always I get really big
welcome when I'm coming here to China a
lot of activities actually and you know
I'm also having a lot of fans here in
China so that's that's special and I've
played a couple times in the final here
with China opened so it's you
good tournament for me good conditions
I'm enjoying Asia you know some players
are always afraid a little bit if they
go to Asia and but for me this part of
the year it's it's really good you are
coming to the end of the season and just
it's it's special absolutely now aside
from your US Open win you've had a great
year you're up to a career rankings high
I believe of nine is it tough to stay
motivated and keep your focus and your
goals for the rest of the year it's not
it's not tough to stay motivated I know
that you know it's gonna be difficult
until the end of the year absolutely I'm
playing a few big big events it's gonna
be playing for the first time at tour
finals a little more attention to me but
motivation is never lacking for me I'm
always trying to improve their after day
and with this success it just showed me
that I can be playing well in these big
events and it's absolutely great moment
for me to be in a position to play
another several tournaments until the
end at the end of the year to use my
confidence and to use the tennis to try
to also play well and just finally now
that you are a Grand Slam champion
you're you're the guy that other people
are aiming for you know they're
targeting you is that kind of a
different experience yeah it's a new
experience for me of course I mean the
top guys have been at the top for
already many years and they are
experienced well enough to know what
he's like that but for me it's a new
feeling and for sure I'm gonna be
feeling differently on the court and in
the next tournaments but still game
tennis is a game and it's you have to
enjoy it you have to play the game it's
it's not changing from one day to
another it's just a mental feeling that
it's been different I feel I'm gonna be
I'm gonna be doing well with that and
not just when I'm I'm just gonna try to
focus on my game and what I have to do